the girag and experience oh I still feel
a big big difference from these and the
clinical trial that we did the double
born that was with this this particular
formula but I still think that we should
release a fucking hyper version for
people or savages oh you want to get
crazy oh yeah even if you don't want to
if skull-and-crossbones we can if we
can't release it can I at least get my
cabinet laughing yeah we can get you
something well I think this is just the
beginning of this sort of science of
nootropics and they're coming up with
all sorts of different combinations
these things per acetone I want this
have to be like in holding oh that
should like my favorite limitless I love
that movie yeah yeah that's what that's
America in a nutshell everybody's wants
to be a lazy fuck that you take a pill
and that's Jan yeah work for it
isn't it funny though how many goddamn
movies there are about a dumb person all
sudden become super smart and figures
the whole fucking world out yeah like
John Travolta when you get hit by
lightning yeah that's right that's right
Gooden he's fucking learning Portuguese
yeah oh sweet yeah that was a good one
usually I was outside with a pole
turning is struck by lightning so I can
be smarter well you know it does work
with some things people like people have
like I have a friend and her son got in
a motorcycle accident and then he got a
head injury and became super artistic
after the motorcycle injury yeah so we
do need to get hit in the head right
yeah well for something
Marvis I'm good exact science that's the
problem Sam Kinison got hit in the head
when he was a kid - he got hit by a
truck oh I heard about this yeah and it
fucking switch he was like a normal calm
shy kid and then he got hit by a truck
and all son oh wow no I'm this fucking
wild impulsive maniac that's crazy
obviously yeah well head injuries Jota
just very strange
it's very strange the reactions that
that header injuries have you know
people have had car accidents and then
become gay oh wow yeah really no way
come on oh I'm not feelin oh that didn't
hold on a second head trauma - somebody
made it up no I don't think so some guy
he was gay and just use as an excuse
that's fine I'm not judging ya happy
Russy player wakes up
after a stroke Wow he had a stroke and
then he woke up and he was gay someone
took care of him when he was done burly
rugby player has a stroke after freek
gym accident let me up gay and becomes a
hairdresser that's just as exciting to
me whatever I mean he's gay is cool
whatever you know this act earlier but
so does not look at it I were a rug wire
the fuck it's not like a rugby player
either yeah but I mean he doesn't even
make an excuse of getting hit in the
head to be gamers who whatever your
games okay dude you don't know maybe
really didn't have a stroke and woke up
gay ah look what he used to look like
straight as fuck hahaha he looks
straight well you know there was uh
there was a drug called ria quip that an
Irish man won a settlement of ablute was
like six hundred thousand US dollars
because this drug turned him gay and
into a gambling addict well I was having
unsafe sex and he was uh he was going
like meeting people online and getting
fucking crazy with dudes and do a bunch
of gay shit he was a family man he won
he won how do you prove that that's a
very good question TJ Dillashaw I like
how you think yeah I fucking know man
but not only did they prove it I mean
this was against Galax oak line the
Glaxo Klein Smith the big pharmaceutical
yeah they're the ones who lost so it was
their lawyers lost this case it was so
much evidence here I'll pull it up Rhea
quip this there must be so much fucking
evidence turns a man gay that is come
there's so much evidence that they
actually had to give him money which is
amazing yeah 160 thousand pounds which
is roughly somewhere around what's that
weird l-looking thing is that a pound I
know the one short like um anyway
whatever the the amount this was there's
a lot of even it was $160,000 way too
much heat in here it's 160 bucks he
shouldn't get paid for that right
nothing something like somebody got the
manipulated well he had Parkinson's and
so this was a Parkinson's medication and
it turned him into a gay sex and
gambling addict amazing impulsive
control systems this is where it gets
really we
including compulsive behaviors the urban
reports of parents experiencing intense
urges to gamble increase sexual urges
and other intense urges and the
inability to control those urges while
taking one or more of the medications
that increase central dope dope eatin
dope amid J mannered chick dopaminergic
dopaminergic man urging tongue that are
generally used for the treatment of
Parkinson's disease so this is in
restless leg syndrome only assuming
dudes like can't stop moving their legs
miles maybe this parking guy does he
have any daughters is that a joke she
worked on that one a little bit more for
you let it working sons he had parking
sons oh you're so retarded it doesn't
work
Thank You dick dragon head he's like
come on guys
parking son where's his daughters man
get it they still out of fuck I thought
was funny but I think we'll you missed
it please don't encourage him he both
has there was nothing there the UM the
idea that uh that a drug could do that
too though is pretty fucking shocking
the drug that turns you into acting like
a lot of other people in the world well
not just acting like a lot of the people
in the world but you were a normal guy
was a control of your urges and then all
sudden you just flying off the handle
meeting dudes online control over here
just they go Brian we should do that as
a test just get you on the shit I would
love to try he would totally do it you'd
be the best guinea pig okay so much
easier give him a monthly budget and a
videographer and you know nice it would
be to like dick could be the best thing
in the world if you just craved it
instead of having to deal with all that
nonsense that's what I'm saying back in
the gym I mean look everybody wants to
say there's something wrong with with
being gay but you live and you die and
if you're straight you look at gang go
oh I don't want that but guess what if
you're straight you look at if you're
gay rather you look at the train no I
don't want that what you like is what
you like yeah and if you like gay it
would be awesome to be gay yeah there's
a lot yeah I had a doctor's right to go
do my physicals and stuff for the fight
they say why are you fighting like why
are you doing this thing fuck man I
don't know but it's fun yeah I read my
love about this Austrian I think well if
you go down to Santa Monica Boulevard
if you're a gay guy there's like a
one-stop shop you just you just take
your shirt off and just walk through the
crowd and did you start blowing yeah I
mean that's what I hear that's what I
hear it's very different because it's
all yahng yahng yahng yahng yahng yahng
there's no yen's like there's no I don't
know you just want to use me she's none
of that they're using each other then
just fucking blasting each other they
having a great time they understand each
other there's no confusion
there's no navigate you know like
navigating a relationship with a woman
is like putting rubber gloves on in the
dark and putting your hands into one of
those incubation tubes and try to do a
Rubik's Cube look what I can't see
what's fuck's going on here you have to
like take their word for what is
happening here oh you're upset that I
went out with my friends okay I guess no
more friends yeah my friend how are you
what's going on here that's you we don't
know how they think I think I got a good
Rubik cube yeah like really good one
well you got a good one yeah the key get
a Rubik's Cube that you can figure out
there you go like this but dudes knowing
dudes they're like oh you like dick I
like dick party oh this fucking they
know what's going on right and it was
like each other they bang it out but
he's more easy so you were offered this
drug if you weren't married would you
try it you know I have to be committed
to see women can dance back and forth
from the world of gay and straight with
an effortless finesse they can ah they
can easily go back and forth not only
that it makes them more attractive they
could say things like yeah minam I'd
imagine I'd like to talk about this but
I was gay for like a year shut up yeah
for a year I had a girlfriend and you
know I just was like men are assholes
I'm done it you like your dick is like
just a raging steel missile in your
pants I to me more where is she tell her
to come stay with us
yeah that's the first thought on every
guy for sure for sure she's it's okay it
doesn't even bother me yeah you came
home you found your girlfriend eating
pussy you wouldn't be like what the fuck
you'd be like oh what's going on here
yeah just take your clothes off and come
in the room again
the girls the girlfriend is not like all
jealous and fucking Pilate like oh look
damn Johnny white dick you better keep
it away from me oh my god someone's
ruined the party
it's not as long as she's friendly - oh
but if a girl comes home and her
boyfriend is sucking a car it's a bummer
no you come home your boyfriend is
blowing the plumber that is a fucking
straight bummer you know but if you came
home and like you know your wife had
went to fucking lunch with some chick
who's in aerobics class and they're
eating each other out when you walk
through the door it's really not that
big of a deal it's a little surprising
like whoa this is crazy
yeah the activity male sex is a very
different Act
it's very so no I wouldn't take that
pill to answer your question yeah would
you take it you think you would take it
no no no girls are better they're
prettier they smell better would be
interesting to try it though if there
was a egg a serum you know any work -
yeah oh my god I like dick that's so
weird
all right never mind I was weird yeah I
wouldn't mind it curious I wanted to see
her that's mine no that was cool I
wouldn't mind a girl for a day this is
what I say if I was if I if there is a
possibility that you could go into
someone's mind like say this say if you
you and your girlfriend got together and
you went to a machine and you swapped
positions like she became the girl and
you became the guy like you had all your
knowledge of life but all of a sudden
you thought like a girl and he wanted to
get fucked and you want to get fucked by
you because she's you now and you are
her so you liked boys and you liked you
and like that would be a way that you
could be gay but not be gay because
you'd be gay for yourself so you would
switch positions with your girlfriend or
or why do you have her thoughts and she
would be banging you doggy style you
like wow this does hurt my service this
is kind of annoying she wasn't lying she
could be you she can feel what it's like
to get head and go along now I know why
you're always trying to get me to do
this this is pretty awesome is not easy
you like I it's odd I liked it better
when I'm looking at it cray
I like it better when I'm looking at you
doing this I never would have imagined
that now I know why you're always
creeping me out they did it I need to
invent this machine just make
relationship better to make everyone's
relationship oh well there's a problem
now man there's this weird competition
between men and women is us versus them
you know and there's a bunch of sneaky
fucks that sneak on the other side both
men and women there's a bunch of women
like they're down to hang with men you
know this is a girl she'd like to come
over your house no she can watch sports
with us yeah fuck she can goddamn trader
gender trader over here sneaking around
collecting data to bring back to the
enemy
[Music]
you